{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16180\viewh7500\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Raize The Vibe Apparel\
\
Store Copy Pack V1\
\
This doc is organized as:\
	1.	Copy inventory checklist (everything you need)\
	2.	Final draft copy by page and component (paste-ready)\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
1) Copy inventory checklist\
\
Global\
	\'95	Brand one-liner\
	\'95	Short brand intro (1 to 2 sentences)\
	\'95	Primary CTA language\
	\'95	Secondary CTA language\
	\'95	Nav labels\
	\'95	Footer columns + links\
	\'95	Footer legal\
	\'95	Footer brand sign-off\
	\'95	Email signup headline + subhead + button + consent microcopy\
	\'95	Trust badges (3 to 5) + microcopy\
	\'95	Sitewide announcement bar copy (optional)\
	\'95	Error states microcopy (sold out, size unavailable, cart empty)\
\
Home\
	\'95	Hero headline\
	\'95	Hero subheadline\
	\'95	Hero primary buttons (2)\
	\'95	Featured drop section title\
	\'95	Featured drop tabs labels\
	\'95	Featured drop product card microcopy (from, quick add)\
	\'95	Family proof section headline + subheadline\
	\'95	Family proof CTA\
	\'95	Why We Raize The Vibe section headline + short intro\
	\'95	Chapter One teaser headline + excerpt + CTA\
	\'95	Sticky CTA block (mobile) headline + 3 buttons\
\
Collection\
	\'95	Collection header title + short description\
	\'95	Filter chip labels (themes)\
	\'95	Sort labels\
	\'95	Empty state message\
\
Product detail page (PDP)\
	\'95	Product title pattern (per design)\
	\'95	Product short \'93hook\'94 line\
	\'95	Variant labels (size, color)\
	\'95	Size help microcopy\
	\'95	Shipping microcopy\
	\'95	Returns microcopy\
	\'95	Add to cart button text\
	\'95	Buy now button text (optional)\
	\'95	\'93What it means\'94 section headline + body\
	\'95	\'93Offers\'94 or \'93Goodies\'94 section (bundle, free shipping threshold, drop perks)\
	\'95	\'93Read the story behind this piece\'94 headline + teaser + CTA\
	\'95	Related products headline\
\
Cart\
	\'95	Cart title\
	\'95	Empty cart message + CTA\
	\'95	Discount code label + helper\
	\'95	Checkout button\
	\'95	Mission block headline + body\
	\'95	Upsell or reminder block (optional)\
\
Why This Drop Matters page\
	\'95	Page hero headline + intro\
	\'95	Section 1: Two Years Restored\
	\'95	Section 2: Many Paths Lead Home\
	\'95	Section 3: Why 8 Shirts and 8 Hoodies\
	\'95	Section 4: These Pieces Are Flags\
	\'95	Primary CTA buttons (2 to 3)\
\
Prayer page\
	\'95	Page title\
	\'95	Short intro\
	\'95	Prayer block label\
	\'95	Email signup module (headline, subhead, button, consent)\
	\'95	CTA to shop\
\
FAQ page\
	\'95	Page title\
	\'95	Short intro\
	\'95	Accordion questions + answers\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
2) Final draft copy\
\
Global\
\
Brand one-liner\
Raize The Vibe. Save Your Tribe.\
\
Short brand intro\
We make wearable flags for love, faith, and healing. The kind of shirts you put on when you are done passing pain down.\
\
Primary CTA language\
Shop the Drop\
\
Secondary CTA language options\
Read Chapter One\
Why This Drop Matters\
Read a Prayer\
\
Announcement bar options (pick one)\
Option A: Drop Day is January 11. Eight shirts. Eight hoodies. Eight flags.\
Option B: New here. Welcome home. Drop Day January 11.\
Option C: Limited first run. When a size is gone, it is gone.\
Option D: Small family-run shop. Thank you for your patience while we print and ship.\
\
Header nav labels\
Home\
Tees\
Hoodies\
Why\
Prayer\
FAQ\
Cart\
\
Trust badges microcopy\
Secure checkout\
Printed to order by real humans\
Premium soft fabric and fit\
Original artwork, always\
Easy size exchanges\
\
Small shop note (sitewide microcopy)\
We are a family-run, bootstrapped shop. During launch week, orders can take a little longer than you are used to. Thank you for your patience and your patronage. We promise to communicate clearly and deliver a product we are proud of.\
\
Email capture (sitewide)\
Headline: Get drop updates and good medicine\
Subhead: We will send launch reminders, restocks, and a little hope for your week.\
Button: Join the Tribe\
Consent: By subscribing, you agree to receive emails from Raize The Vibe. Unsubscribe anytime.\
\
Global error microcopy\
Sold out: This one is gone for now. Join the list and we will tell you if it comes back.\
Size unavailable: That size is out. Try a different size or join the list for restocks.\
Cart empty: Your cart is empty, but your story is not. Let\'92s fix the first part.\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
Home\
\
Hero\
\
Headline: Wear the flag. Raise the vibe.\
Subheadline: Eight pieces. One message. Love people on purpose.\
Buttons:\
	\'95	Shop Tees\
	\'95	Shop Hoodies\
\
Small note under buttons (optional): Drop Day January 11. First run is limited.\
\
Featured Drop\
\
Section title: Featured Drop\
Tabs:\
	\'95	Tees\
	\'95	Hoodies\
	\'95	All\
\
Product card microcopy (optional)\
Quick add: Quick Add\
From price label: From\
\
Family Proof\
\
Headline: Not merch. A marker.\
Subheadline: Every piece is a reminder that we can stop the chain, tell the truth, and live different.\
CTA button: Read Chapter One\
\
Why We Raize The Vibe\
\
Headline: Why we raize the vibe\
Body:\
Raize The Vibe is for the people who have been misunderstood, mislabeled, or pushed out. It is for parents learning a new way. It is for the ones who came back from the dark and decided to love louder than fear.\
\
CTA: Read Chapter One\
\
Chapter One teaser block\
\
Headline: Chapter One: Why we raize the vibe\
Excerpt:\
Two years ago we were living in our car in Arkansas. Then a stranger offered kindness. Then God started answering prayers we never prayed. This is the story that became our flag.\
\
CTA button: Read Chapter One\
\
Sticky CTA block (mobile)\
\
Headline: Start here\
Buttons:\
	\'95	Shop Featured Drop\
	\'95	Explore All Items\
	\'95	Read a Prayer\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
Collection\
\
Collection header\
\
Title: The Drop\
Description:\
Pick your flag. Choose your fit. Wear the message.\
\
Filter chips (themes)\
\
All\
Love and Safety\
Faith and Fire\
Tribe and Healing\
Bold Statements\
Soft Statements\
\
Sort labels\
\
Sort: Featured\
Featured\
Newest\
Price low to high\
Price high to low\
\
Empty state\
\
No results: No matches for those filters yet. Try \'93All\'94 or clear filters.\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
Product detail page\
\
Purchase panel\
\
Buttons:\
Add to Cart\
Buy it Now (optional)\
\
Size help microcopy:\
True to size for a classic fit. Want it oversized. Size up one.\
\
Shipping microcopy:\
Printed to order. Most orders ship in a few business days. During launch week it can take a little longer. Thank you for your patience. We will keep you posted with tracking as soon as it moves.\
\
Returns microcopy:\
Wrong size. No shame. We will help you exchange it.\
\
What it means\
\
Headline: What it means\
Body template:\
This design is a flag for people choosing love over fear. Wear it as a reminder that you do not have to be perfect to be part of the tribe. You just have to be willing.\
\
Offers\
\
Headline: Goodies\
Bullets:\
	\'95	Limited first run. When a size is gone, it is gone.\
	\'95	Bundle and save with a tee and hoodie.\
	\'95	Join the email list for early access to restocks.\
\
Read the story behind this piece\
\
Headline: Read the story behind this piece\
Teaser:\
This is not a slogan to us. It is a memory. A marker. A prayer we are wearing out loud.\
CTA: Read Chapter One\
\
Related products\
\
Headline: More flags\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
Product descriptions for the 8 tees\
\
Use these as your PDP short hook, product description, and the first sentence of the What it means section.\
\
1) Raize The Vibe, Save Your Tribe\
\
Short hook: The original flag.\
Description: This is the logo that started it all. A torch and a horizon line. A reminder that light travels. Wear it when you want to be the kind of person who makes the room feel safer. Soft, clean, and loud in the quiet way.\
What it means (starter): Wear the mission on your chest. Love people on purpose.\
\
2) I\'92m on your side \uc0\u9996 \u65039 \
\
Short hook: A quiet ally statement.\
Description: For the moments when someone is scanning the world for one safe face. This one does not argue. It reassures. Simple. Direct. Human. If you have ever needed a person to stand next to you, this is your flag.\
What it means (starter): For the moments when someone needs to know they are not alone.\
\
3) Still the Way (cross)\
\
Short hook: Simple faith. Strong spine.\
Description: Minimal. Modern. Unapologetically centered. For the days when you do not have fancy words, you just need the reminder that the Way still works. The cross holds the message and the message holds you.\
What it means (starter): A reminder that your feet can come back to the path.\
\
4) Still the Way (heart script)\
\
Short hook: Soft on purpose.\
Description: This one is for the tender warriors. The ones who decided to stop hardening. Faith with a heartbeat. Love that refuses to become cruel. It looks like a doodle, but it is a decision.\
What it means (starter): Faith with a heartbeat. Love that refuses to harden.\
\
5) Jesus knows your pronouns\
\
Short hook: Rainbow love. Jesus level.\
Description: A love first statement for people who are tired of fear pretending to be faith. This is not a debate jersey. This is a safety signal. If somebody has ever been pushed out, this one holds the door open.\
What it means (starter): A love first statement for people who are tired of fear pretending to be faith.\
\
6) God knows my pronouns. They\'92re not confused.\
\
Short hook: Love without the loopholes.\
Description: Sometimes the boldest thing you can do is tell the truth with a smile. This piece is for the people who have been mislabeled, misunderstood, and still chose to stay close to God. It is a flag for dignity.\
What it means (starter): A flag for truth and tenderness. God is not afraid of your story.\
\
7) Worship is my weapon\
\
Short hook: Praise with grit.\
Description: Worship is how we fight without becoming what hurt us. This design carries a heartbeat waveform through the cross, because praise is not always pretty. Sometimes it is survival. Sometimes it is how you keep your hands clean and your heart soft.\
What it means (starter): When life gets loud, you get louder with worship.\
\
8) Love Thy Neighbor\
\
Short hook: The whole assignment.\
Description: Seven hearts. One sentence. No loopholes. This is the shirt you wear when you are done qualifying who deserves kindness. It is for the people learning to love louder than fear, and for anyone who wants to be a safe place.\
What it means (starter): The whole assignment. Love people like you mean it.\
\
Original art and materials note (add to all PDPs, small print):\
All artwork is original. We chose premium blanks because comfort matters. Thank you for supporting a small, family-run brand.\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
Cart\
\
Title: Your cart\
\
Empty cart:\
Your cart is empty. Let\'92s find your flag.\
CTA: Shop the Drop\
\
Discount code:\
Label: Discount code\
Helper: If you have a code, drop it here.\
\
Checkout button:\
Checkout\
\
Mission block\
Headline: Our mission\
Body:\
Raize The Vibe exists to raise love and lower fear. Thank you for supporting art that points people home. A portion of proceeds from this drop will be given to our local church, because that is where we are called to give this year.\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
Why This Drop Matters\
\
Headline: Why this drop matters\
Intro:\
This is not a random merch drop. This is a marker in the road. A way of saying we came back, and we are not going quiet about love.\
\
Section: Two years restored\
Body:\
Two years ago we were sleeping in parking lots. Today we are raising kids, rebuilding trust, and learning to live from faith instead of fear. We did not earn this kind of restoration. We received it.\
\
Section: Many paths lead home\
Body:\
We believe people heal in different ways. We believe harm reduction saves lives. We believe love, truth, safety, and community are part of how God brings people back.\
\
Section: Why 8 shirts and 8 hoodies\
Body:\
Eight flags for eight years it took us to find our way through the darkness. Not as a flex. As a witness. If you are still fighting, do not quit.\
\
Section: These pieces are flags\
Body:\
You are not just buying a shirt. You are wearing a message. You are telling the world that love belongs here.\
\
Buttons:\
Enter the Drop\
Read Chapter One\
Read a Prayer\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
Prayer page\
\
Title: A prayer for you\
Intro:\
If you needed a sign today, let this be it. You are not alone. God is not done with you.\
\
Prayer block label:\
Prayer\
\
Email module\
Headline: Want prayers and drop updates\
Subhead: One email at a time. No spam. Just good medicine.\
Button: Send me the prayers\
Consent: By subscribing, you agree to receive emails. Unsubscribe anytime.\
\
CTA button:\
Shop the Drop\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
FAQ\
\
Title: FAQ\
Intro:\
If you have questions, we have answers. If you still have questions, hit us up and we will help.\
\
Shipping\
\
Q: How long does shipping take\
A: Most items ship in a few business days. During launch week, it can take a little longer because we are a small family-run operation, not a multinational corporation. Thank you for your patience. You will get tracking as soon as it goes out.\
\
Q: Do you ship international\
A: Not yet. For this first drop we are shipping within the USA.\
\
Returns and exchanges\
\
Q: What if I ordered the wrong size\
A: It happens. Email us and we will help you exchange it.\
\
Q: Can I return an item\
A: If there is a print issue or damage, we will make it right. If you just changed your mind, reach out and we will do our best to help.\
\
Product and care\
\
Q: What blanks do you use\
A: Premium, soft blanks that hold up. We chose these on purpose. If you want a snug fit, order true to size. If you like it roomy, size up.\
\
All artwork is original. Thank you for supporting a bootstrapped family brand.\
\
Q: How do I wash it\
A: Cold wash, inside out. Tumble low or hang dry to keep the print fresh.\
\
Mission\
\
Q: What is Raize The Vibe\
A: A family brand built on faith, love, and healing. Wearable flags for people choosing to stop the chain.\
\
Q: Is this drop limited\
A: Yes. First run is limited. When a size is gone, it is gone.\
\
\uc0\u11835 \
\
Footer\
\
Column 1: Shop\
Tees\
Hoodies\
All Items\
\
Column 2: Story\
Why\
Chapter One\
Why This Drop Matters\
Prayer\
\
Column 3: Help\
FAQ\
Contact\
Shipping and Returns\
\
Footer sign-off\
Thank you for being here.\
Your vibe attracts your tribe.\
\
Footer legal\
\'a9 \{YEAR\} Raize The Vibe Apparel. All rights reserved.}